Please give a description of the product from below comments in 50 words:
So far I haven't witnessed anything like the experenced of previous models that I bought for her as a gift, and there's not much that she has not had a negative reactiontowards(before). And and along with what negative word or reaction toward something that was purchased before,even what came of the previous models purchased before.. Love my watch, just still really learning all the functions.. I love my watch! I 
get complements on it all the time. Loved this watch to start. Haven't owned it for even a year yet and it has stopped working and now say 
device corrupt when trying to reset or power on.. Worst decision to ever buy this. It’s a fossil, but it has a Google platform. It’s very difficult to pair. It’s very difficult to use. It’s very difficult to size either by a fossil or bio google but don’t buy a combo of this just sitting in the drawer. Beautiful watch, has so many features and love the Google play store is on it to add even more features like my Google maps and Amazon music. Can send and receive calls and texts by Bluetooth and wifi so no addition service is needed.No Knicks scratches or marks. Do wish it had blood pressure and oxygen features and can't use the sleep tracker cause it dies by the end of the night, but it does charge very fast and is charged for the day It's def worth the price. The battery is absolutely terrible. On a full charger, will be 
lucky to get 2 hours out of it and that's not using it much. Very disappointed. DEntro de la caja habia un bote de jabon de liquido para lavar trastes, en otra reseña, subi la fotografia y comento que el dia de qyer 13/3/202023 realizace la devolucion con la guia proporcionada.. Not easy to navigate or use.. I have now had my watch for a year now and I freaking love it! I hate square screens and the circle screen 
is amazing! It is not heavy at all. If your not used to wearing watches it will take time to get used too. It also looks super cute with bracelets if your doing a night out! The battery literally lasts all day. I charge it every night regardless if it needs it or not. I have had zero issues with it. Super easy to use. Texting isn't as bad as other reviews have said, I promise its not, you can use keyboard or draw 
your replys. I do not sleep with it on because that's common sense, so the sleeping thing that's on it I have never used. Fitness tracker is pretty awesome on it if your into that! The app is super easy to use which is a bonus. You can also download soooo many backgrounds for it as well as they have some on the app too, you also get updates for it as well, you can also use other background apps for this watch that links to the regular app! I made a photo collage of my kids and you can switch out pictures its really cool. Play around with the app it helps navigate alot. READ DIRECTIONS AND FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY. Ive noticed noone on here followed them before using it and wrote 
bad reviews..common sense..just sayin. Also you can change the band out youtube has amazing videos to help step by step with that. I recommend buying a screen protector for it before you check out! This is seriously an amazing watch 10/10. I LOVE IT!! ❤️